# ma1800-webartcoding

https://dsz14.github.io/ma1800-webartcoding/

DESCRIPTION / CONTEXT:
My project idea was to predomanantly illustrate the occurance of emotions and challenges that people are experiencing to this day, including myself. My idea was to input my thoughts and creativity so that people can understand the true reality of life and nostalgia and how your thoughts enhance your ways to express yourself from the good memories as a young kid. I decided to finalise this idea because it is a way for me to demonstrate my personality and remind the audience that nostalgia is one of the greatest yet most emotional feelings that someone can obtain. 

From this website art that I have created, I have decided to start with the 'cube' shown on the index page which did take me some time to code considering that I have used legal and ethical websites such as 'w3schools' and resources from repositories that guide me on certain aspects of the cube. This was temporarily difficult since I was still learning about 'div classes' and the key features of animation. But after receiving a various amount of feedback and preferences, they have given me the knowledge and understanding about codes I was unsure about, making me able to code quickly and efficiently. Each face of the cube did have a separate 'div class', increasing the production time spent on the cube. In the end, it was worth it and I am satisfied with the overall results. I named my title of the website page 'RESPAWN ZONE' to emphasise the amount of times the user goes back into the index page. I also made the navigation system very effortless by adding a navigation bar located at the bottom of the page, which also presents the remaining links of the web page. On the 2nd page of the website is shown another style of animation considering that the images are moving in two alternate directions. I did reduce the speed of the animation considering that it would be difficult for the user to see the image clearly. Furthermore, I have included some links overlapping the images to another web page which doesn't show on the navigation bar. I also added a 'h2' title positioned at the top of the screen, to navigate them through the link on the texts. In regards to the layout, I quite like it since it is quite semetrical making the interface look more aesthetically pleasing. On the other hand, the 'tranquility' link shown on the end of the navigation bar leads to another animation that I have created with assistance. I personally believe that i have struggled coding this page the most out of all the other pages. This is because of the precision and positioning of the pictures within the 'container' (div class), I also made it interactive by adding a link in between of the codes so that those images aren't just for presentation. The link as soon as you click on the image, navigates to the same page from where you have clicked from the second web page. Overall, I really like the design of how this web page is presented due to the minimalistic design on each class as well as giving it more detail on some other features e.g. texts and background.

CASE STUDIES:
The case studies that have supported me in giving me ideas on how to create my web page is Rafaël Rozendaal who created the 100 websites. I have simply gained influence and inspiration by adding several images and assets onto my web page and adding links to it to navigate the user to a different page of the web art. But instead of me positioning each feature within the window screen, I decided to add animation to make it more intriguing. Another case study that has helped me throughout my web art coding process is Douglas Davis (1994), 'The World's First Collaborative Sentence'. This case study has helped me the most in getting the web page done on time without any challenges or disturbances, which is due to the simplicity of code since it only presents text with different capitalisation and fonts. For my idea on my web art, I have decided to type out a story of myself but there is a specific word that has an external link 'You' which goes to the definition on the wikipedia page, and repeated the process throughout the whole story. In regards to the diary page, the images that I have introduced from other pages with an additional image that match the mood and atmosphere of the story.

REFLECTION:
I would make this website significantly better if I had more time on adding more assets such as sounds or any type of media, since it could reflect on the mood of the web art considering that the theme of this website is 'depressive' or 'deep'. I would be more happy of the overall result if i had more time on adding links or words that could further support the replica of Douglas David's 'First Collaborative Sentence'. This is because it could give a more further understanding of art through the minimalism on the texts.

Overall, i enjoyed creating this web art considering that it helped me improve and acknowledge the key features on html and css. It has helped me be more creative and prepared for future projects since i have gained the confidence in coding animation, text, classes, external links etc. Although i could've added more detail to some certain pages, i still appreciate the effort and time that i have made throughout this journey on html. 
